<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="SOFARS_5608.40490">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">5608.404-90</ph> Determination and certification for use of non–DoD contracts.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="Dxesly" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>(Revised February 2007)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="tKbOff">(a) A determination for use of a Non-DoD contract or agency must be prepared prior to placing any order greater than the simplified acquisition threshold against a non-DoD contract. This determination must be coordinated between the requesting organization and the contracting office. Comptroller coordination is required to ensure that the funding appropriation is consistent with the supplies or services to be acquired. Both the using organization and contracting office must certify the determination document prior to placing an order against a Federal Supply Schedule. A copy of the certified determination must be retained in the contract file.</p>
      <p id="BCdHUG">(b) A certified determination must be completed when transferring money to the General Services Administration (GSA) for placement against a Federal Supply Schedule. The determination must be certified by the requesting activity and a GSA contracting officer prior to legal review. A copy of the certified determination must accompany the inter-departmental purchase request.</p>
      <p id="ZUkqoG">(c) Follow the guidelines established in <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5617.docx" scope="external">
            <u>Subpart 5617.703-91.1</u>
         </xref>(c) and (d) for completing the Determination for Use of a Non-DoD Contract document.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
