<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="SOFARS_5609.403" xml:lang="en-US" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3">
      <ph props="autonumber">5609.403</ph> Definitions.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p outputclass="Normal">
         <i>(Revised January 2018)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="p_BM404" outputclass="Normal">The suspension and debarment official for USSOCOM is the Secretary of the Air Force/Deputy General Counsel (Contractor Responsibility) (SAF/GCR).  </p>
      <p id="p__Toc75349726" outputclass="Normal">
         <ph>
            <b>5609.404 List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Non-procurement Programs</b>
         </ph>
         <b>.</b>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="Normal">
         <i>(Revised February 2013) (Revised September 2013-reorganization)</i>
      </p>
      <p>(c)(4) SOF AT&amp;L-KX shall maintain all records pertaining to debarment actions within the command.</p>
      <p>(g)</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(1)Section 841 of the FY2012 National Defense Authorization Act authorizes the HCA, upon request from the Commander of United States Central Command (USCENTCOM), to restrict, terminate, or void any contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with a person or entity that actively supports an insurgency or is opposing United States or coalition forces.</p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(2)In order to enforce the act, KOs shall search the USCENTCOM Extranet Unclassified Portal <xref href="http://www2.centcom.mil/sites/contracts/NDAA%20FY12%20Section%20841%20Identified%20Entries/Forms/AllItems.aspx" scope="external" format="aspx">
            <u>NDAA FY12 Section 841 Identified Entries</u>
         </xref> list for prohibited sources prior to awarding contracts in the USCENTCOM AOR. If the anticipated award winner appears on the list, confer with SOF AT&amp;L-KX and legal before restricting any person or entity for actively supporting an insurgency or is opposing United States coalition forces. </p>
      <p outputclass="List2">(3)In addition, KOs will monitor the USCENTCOM Identified Entries list for contractors that may appear in contracts already awarded. Again, if a contractor appears on the list, confer with SOF AT&amp;L-KX and legal prior to making a determination to terminate. Each case will be reviewed individual; however, termination will be the general rule. </p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
