<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="SOFARS_SOFARS_topic_187">
   <title outputclass="Heading 4">
      <ph props="autonumber">5615.3-90</ph> Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses.</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="gtZzDd" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>(Revised November 2007)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="NOKheD">(a) Contracting officers may include a provision substantially the same as the provision at <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9008</u>
         </xref>, Past Performance Data, in solicitations requiring submittal of past performance data. The provision shall be included in solicitations that contain <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9012</u>
         </xref>, Basis for Award, Alternate I, or <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9014</u>
         </xref>, Basis for Award-Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable Proposal.</p>
      <p id="YdBnhD">(b) Contracting officers may include a provision substantially the same as the provision at <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9012</u>
         </xref>, Basis for Award, in solicitations when the basis for award includes factors other than price. The provision should not be used in solicitations using streamlined acquisition procedures for commercial products in accordance with <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-12-acquisition-commercial-items" scope="external">
            <u>FAR Part 12</u>
         </xref>. Do not use this provision when a Source Selection Plan containing Section M language is approved unless the plan specifically includes this provision. The provision shall be included with its Alternate I when past performance is an evaluation factor for award. If Alternate 1 is used, include the provision at <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9008</u>
         </xref>, Past Performance Data, in Section L. The provision shall be included with its Alternate II when evaluation credit will be given to those technical solutions exceeding mandatory minimums (See <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-15-contracting-negotiation" scope="external">
            <u>FAR 15.306(d)(3)</u>
         </xref>).</p>
      <p id="vhQYZg">(c) Contracting officers may include a provision substantially the same as the provision at <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9014</u>
         </xref>, Basis for Award-Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable Proposal, in solicitations when the award will be made using lowest price technically acceptable source selection procedures in accordance with <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-15-contracting-negotiation" scope="external">
            <u>FAR 15.101-2</u>
         </xref>. The provision should not be used in solicitations using streamlined acquisition procedures for commercial products in accordance with <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-12-acquisition-commercial-items" scope="external">
            <u>FAR Part 12</u>
         </xref>. The provision shall be included with its Alternate I when past performance is an evaluation factor for award. If Alternate I is used, include the provision at <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9008</u>
         </xref>, Past Performance Data, in Section L.</p>
      <p id="FxfGcL">(d) Contracting officers shall include <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9015</u>
         </xref>, Evaluation of Offers - Full Quantity, in all competitive solicitations when the Government will not accept offers for quantities less than those stated in schedule.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
