<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
         id="SOFARS_5633.103"
         ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
         class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
   <title outputclass="Heading 3" class="- topic/title ">
      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">5633.103</ph> Protests to the Agency.</title>
   <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
      <p id="LPyyHR" outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(Revised November 2018)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="RHPuVo" class="- topic/p ">(d)</p>
      <p id="EmikEB" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Agency protest decisions shall be made by the Contracting Officer.</p>
      <p id="gpxmjQ" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(A) When the contract requires contract clearance review by SOF AT&amp;L-KM, KX, or KB as appropriate, include the protest with the contract award documentation forwarded for review.</p>
      <p id="DTvdLs" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(B) When the contact requires contract clearance review by SOF AT&amp;L-KM, KX, or KB as appropriate, and a protest is received while the contract is being reviewed for clearance, immediately forward the protest to SOF AT&amp;L-KM, KX, or KB as appropriate for inclusion in the contract award documentation.</p>
      <p id="SbxysO" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(C) If the protest is received prior to award, contracting officers shall suspend award IAW <xref format="html"
               href="http://farsite.hill.af.mil/reghtml/regs/far2afmcfars/fardfars/far/33.htm"
               scope="external"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">FAR 33.103(f)</u>
         </xref> (see f(1) below regarding override decisions).</p>
      <p id="p_BM103_4" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4)</p>
      <p id="zkMHuU" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(A) Within 10 calendar days of receipt of a request for independent review IAW <xref format="html"
               href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-33-protests-disputes-and-appeals"
               scope="external"
               class="- topic/xref ">
            <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">FAR 33.103(d)(4)</u>
         </xref>, the Contracting Officer shall forward to their assigned SOF AT&amp;L-KM, KX, or KB LNO all the supporting documentation required using the D&amp;F format to issue a decision. All decisions and recommended actions issued as the result of an independent review shall be approved at two (2) levels above the KO.</p>
      <p id="hgBPdh" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(B) Changes in the status of the protest that are deemed significant by the contracting officer, such as the filing of a protest with GAO, the withdrawal of a protest with GAO, or denial of a protest, shall be promptly disseminated to the offices that received the initial protest alert. Electronic transmittal is acceptable.</p>
      <p id="p_BM103_f" class="- topic/p ">(f)(1) The Director of Procurement (DOP) shall make the determination to proceed with award prior to resolution of protest.</p>
      <p id="aCmJIS" outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(Added November 2007)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="orxBJx" outputclass="Normal" class="- topic/p ">Follow the procedures in the DCG for Preparing Automatic Stay Override Determination and Findings.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
