<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="SOFARS_5652.2159012" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3">
   <title outputclass="Heading 2">
      <ph props="autonumber">5652.215-9012</ph> Basis for Award (2001) Section M</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="yabCXS" outputclass="Normal">As prescribed in <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5615.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5615.3-90(b)</u>
         </xref>, insert the following provision, <i>Editable and Fill-ins</i>
      </p>
      <p id="rQliqL">(a) Award of the contract(s) resulting from this solicitation will be made to the offeror whose proposal is deemed to represent the best value to the Government based on the factors listed below. Factors are listed in descending order of importance.</p>
      <p id="IghLoD" outputclass="List3">
         <i>(Insert factors and subfactors for evaluation in descending order of importance.)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="XNhYpL">(b) All evaluation factors other than <i>(Insert "cost" or "price")</i> combined are <i>(Insert "Significantly more important than "cost" or "price"", "Approximately equal to "cost" or "price"", "Significantly less important than "cost" or "price"").</i>
      </p>
      <p id="UmCOIn" outputclass="Normal">
         <u>Alternate I</u>
      </p>
      <p id="sHcjVX">(a) Past performance will be evaluated <i>(Insert approach for evaluating past performance in accordance with</i>
         <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-15-contracting-negotiation" scope="external">
            <i>
               <u>FAR 15.304(d)</u>
            </i>
         </xref>
         <i>and</i>
         <xref format="html" href="https://www.acquisition.gov/content/part-15-contracting-negotiation" scope="external">
            <i>
               <u>15.305(a)(2)(ii)</u>
            </i>
         </xref>
         <i>)</i>. Offerors shall identify past or current contracts with Federal, State, and local governments and private industry for efforts similar to the effort require by this solicitation. Offerors may identify up to <i>(Insert number)</i> contracts. The Government will use list provided by the offeror in accordance with <xref format="docx" href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5652.docx" scope="external">
            <u>5652.215-9008</u>
         </xref> "Past Performance Data" along with other available information, including reports obtained from the DOD Past Performance Assessment Information System, to determine the offeror's risk of performance with regard to past performance. The evaluation will take into account past performance information regarding predecessor companies, key personnel who have relevant experience, and/or subcontractors that will perform major or critical aspects of the requirement when such information is relevant to the effort required by this solicitation. When an offeror has no record of relevant past performance, or for whom past performance information is not available, that offeror shall be given a neutral rating which will not be considered as neither a favorably or unfavorably past performance record.</p>
      <p id="qNsdxE" outputclass="Normal">
         <u>Alternate II</u>
      </p>
      <p id="gcJayu">(a) Evaluation credit will be given for technical solutions that exceed mandatory minimums.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
