<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="SOFARS_5652.204-9003">
        <title rev="Revised June 2023">
      <ph props="autonumber">5652.204-9003</ph> Disclosure of Unclassified Information (2023) Section H</title>
        <conbody>
                <p rev="Revised June 2023"> 
         <i>(Added July 2023)</i> 
      </p>
                <p rev="Revised June 2023">As prescribed in <xref format="html"
               href="https://sof.atl.socom.mil/sites/K/SOFARS_DCG/SOFARS/5604.docx#BM5604_403b"
               scope="external">5604.403(b)</xref>, insert the following clause,</p>
                <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised June 2023">(a) The protection of sensitive but unclassified data reflecting Special Operations technologies, personnel, plans, and business associations requires due diligence on the part of those in possession of such information. The application of appropriate security measures to ensure the safekeeping of USSOCOM and company proprietary data, intellectual property, and personnel data is the responsibility of all parties who have access to such information. On September 21, 2001, the Department of Defense designated Headquarters US Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) a sensitive unit, as defined by Title 10 United States Code (USC) Section 130b (10 USC 130b). See <xref format="html"
               href="https://open.defense.gov/Portals/23/Documents/FOIA/FOIA_Resources/DoDM%205400.07.pdf?ver=2017-03-15-135646-847"
               scope="external">DoD Manual 5400.07, Freedom of Information Act Program</xref>, dated 25 January 2017 paragraph 5.2 c. (2)(a), In
                        keeping with this designation, unclassified information related to USSOCOM military technology acquisitions managed by USSOCOM or any of its component commands, will be designated Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). As such, the contractor hereby unequivocally agrees that it shall not release to anyone outside the Contractor’s organization any unclassified information, regardless of medium (e.g., film, tape, document, contractor’s external website, newspaper, magazine, journal, corporate annual report, email, text, conversation, social media, etc.), pertaining to any part of this contract or any program related to this contract, unless the Contracting Officer has given prior written approval. Furthermore, any release of information which associates USSOCOM, Special Operation Forces (SOF), or any component command with an acquisition program, contractor, or this contract is prohibited unless specifically authorized by the Contracting Officer.</p>
                <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised June 2023">(b) That contractor shall submit a written request for approval and shall identify the specific information to be released, the medium to be used, and the purpose for the release. The contractor shall submit the request to the Contracting Officer at least 60 days before the proposed date for release for approval. No release of any restricted information shall be made without specific written authorization by the Contracting Officer.</p>
                <p rev="Revised June 2023">The Contractor shall include a similar requirement to this clause in each subcontract under this contract to affect this requirement at each level of subcontracting. Subcontractors shall submit request for authorization to release through the prime contractor to the Contracting Officer. </p>
                <p outputclass="List1" rev="Revised June 2023">(c) The Contractor further understands that Title 18 USC Section 701 specifically prohibits the use of the USSOCOM emblem or logo in any manner or medium (e.g., corporate website, marketing brochure, newspaper, magazine, etc.) unless authorized in writing by the Contracting Officer. A written request for use of the USSOCOM emblem or logo shall be submitted to Contracting Officer at least 60 days before proposed use. Forward any request to use the USSOCOM emblem or logo through the Contracting Officer.</p>
        </conbody>
</concept>
