<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<concept id="SOFARS_SOFARS_topic_30">
   <title outputclass="Heading 2 Subpart">
      <ph props="autonumber">SUBPART 5602.1</ph> – DEFINITIONS</title>
   <conbody>
      <p id="xRpGEi" outputclass="Normal">
         <i>(Revised November 2018)</i>
      </p>
      <p id="BMTtRp">
         <i>Bridge Action –</i> A non-competitive action (contract/order/mod) awarded to bridge the time between the end of one action and the beginning of a competitively awarded follow-on action.</p>
      <p id="shLvXH">
         <i>Chief, Contracting Office</i> – The person with direct responsibility for the overall operations, administration, and performance of the contracting office. Performs all actions specified within FAR and DFARS as a "level above the Contracting Officer," and/or as delegated by the Headquarters (HQ), USSOCOM, Director of Procurement, Competition Advocate General, or USSOCOM Director, Office of Small Business Programs.</p>
      <p id="iRoHAD">
         <i>Contracting Division</i> – Contracting activities that are organizationally aligned within HQ USSOCOM.</p>
      <p id="gbgXIq">
         <i>Contracting Office</i> – A contracting activity that receives its contracting authority from the Commander, Special Operations Command through the HQ, USSOCOM, Director of Procurement, synonymous with “procuring activity.”</p>
      <p id="aMyxQz">
         <i>Contracting Officer's Representative</i> – Person delegated to act on behalf of the contracting officer on a specific contract or multiple contracts, in a limited capacity and with specific authority as stated in the Letter of Delegation.</p>
      <p id="qQbRIr">
         <i>Field Contracting Offices</i> – Contracting activities that are organizationally aligned within USSOCOM Service or Theater Special Operations Components.</p>
      <p id="MyQdAv">
         <i>Office Chief</i> – The term “Office Chief” is issued in this policy to refer to both Chiefs of Field Contracting Offices and HQ Contracting Division Chiefs.</p>
      <p id="CnPSMg">
         <i>Ordering Officer</i> – An appointed official with limited authority to purchase and obligate the government.</p>
      <p id="aXLMEo">
         <i>Primary Contracting Officer’s Representative</i> – A USSOCOM unique term. Person designated and authorized by the contracting officer to perform specific technical or administrative functions on behalf of the contracting officer on a specific contract.</p>
      <p id="tbyygh">
         <i>Requiring Activity Official</i> – The point of contact from the requiring activity delegated responsibility for decisions regarding a acquisition or procurement.</p>
      <p id="XGvECF">
         <i>Technical Representative</i> – A USSOCOM unique term that refers to a person appointed by the COR to perform specific technical or administrative functions to assist the COR.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
